Doc update for Auto run and Auto refresh (#6528)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/dashboards/about.md

    - **End**. The current end time based on the selected time range.
    - **Time Zone**. The time zone for the set time range.
    - **Scanned Bytes**. The total amount of data scanned in bytes.
    - **Dashboard ID**. A unique identification ID for the dashboard. Copy and use the dashboard ID within the APIs to identify the dashboard when making requests.

## Auto Refresh

> **Auto Refresh** automatically updates dashboard panels with the latest data at a configured interval. onsider disabling it or increasing the minimum refresh interval when frequent updates are not required. For Flex customers, this helps reduce avoidable scan costs from unnecessary refreshes. For Tiered customers, it minimizes unnecessary panel reloads and helps improve dashboard performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Auto Refresh** automatically updates dashboard panels with the latest data at a configured interval. Consider disabling it or increasing the minimum refresh interval when frequent updates are not required. For Flex customers, this helps reduce avoidable scan costs from unnecessary refreshes. For Tiered customers, it minimizes unnecessary panel reloads and helps improve dashboard performance.
```

:::note

> To enable or disable this feature, you must be an **Administrator** or a role with the **ManageDashboardExecutionControls** capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable or disable this feature, you must be an **Administrator** or a role with the [**Manage Dashboard Execution Controls**](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#dashboards) capability.
```

Reviewer: I don't see the "Manage Dashboard Execution Controls" capability added to the [Role Capabilities](https://www.sumologic.com/help/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#dashboards) article. You should add it with this pull request.

<img width="470" height="444" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b2009ad9-6900-445d-a039-5fa2519d650c" />

:::

### Enable the Sumo Logic policy

In this section, you will enable the ability to disable your dashboard auto refresh. By default, auto refresh will be enabled with **30 seconds** minimum time interval. Follow the below steps to change this configuration:

1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). In the main Sumo Logic menu select **Administration**, and then under **Account Security Settings** select **Policies**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Policies**. <br/>[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Administration > Security > Policies**. 
1. Uncheck the **Allow Auto-Refresh Configuration for all dashboards** checkbox to disable the auto-refresh.
1. If checked, select the minimum auto-refresh interval from the dropdown based on your requirement. You can select from 30 seconds to 1 day.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/auto-refresh.png')} alt="Auto-Refresh" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="500" />

### Using auto refresh 

> Once, you have enabled the **Auto-Refresh** you can now see that the panels getting refreshed as per the selected auto-refresh interval. If required, you can configure the refresh interval rate by clicking the dropdown arrow next to the **Run** button. Select the refresh interval of your choice from the list.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you have enabled the **Auto-Refresh**, you can now see the panels getting refreshed as per the selected auto-refresh interval. If required, you can configure the refresh interval rate by clicking the dropdown arrow next to the **Run** button. Select the refresh interval of your choice from the list.
```

:::info
There are some restrictions when using operators with dashboards. To learn more, see [Restricted Operators in Dashboards](/docs/dashboards/restricted-operators-dashboards).
:::

:::note
The dropdown only displays the time-interval which is greater than or equal to the set minimum auto-refresh interval in the **Policies** page.
:::

<img src={useBaseUrl('/img/dashboards/about-dashboard/auto-refresh-dropdown-options.png')} alt="auto refresh dropdown options" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="400" />

## Auto Run

**Auto Run** lets you control whether dashboard panels run automatically or require manual execution. Use this when you want explicit control over dashboard execution. For example, you may want to open a dashboard with a fixed absolute time range or make several dashboard variable changes before loading data. Disabling auto run prevents unnecessary panel reloads after each change and helps Flex customers reduce avoidable scan costs.
:::note

> To enable or disable this feature, you must be an **Administrator** or a role with the **ManageDashboardExecutionControls** capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable or disable this feature, you must be an **Administrator** or a role with the [**Manage Dashboard Execution Controls**](/docs/manage/users-roles/roles/role-capabilities/#dashboards) capability.
```

### Enable the Sumo Logic policy

In this section, you will enable the ability to auto run your dashboard panels. By default, auto run will be enabled, to disable it follow the below steps:

1. [**New UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui). In the main Sumo Logic menu select **Administration**, and then under **Account Security Settings** select **Policies**. You can also click the **Go To...** menu at the top of the screen and select **Policies**. <br/>[**Classic UI**](/docs/get-started/sumo-logic-ui-classic). In the main Sumo Logic menu, select **Administration > Security > Policies**. 
1. Uncheck the **Enable Auto-Run for all dashboards** checkbox.

<img src={useBaseUrl('img/get-started/auto-run.png')} alt="Auto-Run" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="600" />

### Using auto run

When **Auto Run** is disabled you cannot see any data in the panels until you click the **Run** button. Clicking the **Run** button will run all the panels in the dashboard. If you want to run only the selected panel, click <img src={useBaseUrl('/img/dashboards/about-dashboard/rerun.png')} alt="rerun-button" style={{border: '1px solid gray'}} width="30" /> button on top-right of each panel.

> Panels do not rerun after actions such as adding, editing, deleting, changing the time range, or changing the template variable until you click the **Run** button after your changes. You will always see the below warning message near to your search box once any of the above update is made to the dashboard:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panels do not rerun after actions such as adding, editing, deleting, changing the time range, or changing the template variable until you click the **Run** button after your changes. You will always see the below warning message near to your search box once any of the above updates are made to the dashboard:
```
